# Assignment
For this assignment, we are providing data on baby names from the United States and you will answer questions about this data. 
You will write a program with several methods and tester methods to test each method you write. You should start with understanding the methods shown in the video. Specifically you should write the following methods.

* Modify the method __totalBirths__ (shown in the video for this project) to also print the number of girls names , the number of boys names and the total names in the file.
* Write the method named __getRank__ that has three parameters: an integer named __year__, a string named **name**, and a string named **gender** (F for female and M for male). This method returns the rank of the name in the file for the given gender,  where rank 1 is the name with the largest number of births. If the name is not in the file, then -1 is returned.  For example, in the file "yob2012short.csv", given the name Mason, the year 2012 and the gender ‘M’, the number returned is 2, as Mason is the boys name with the second highest number of births. Given the name Mason, the year 2012 and the gender ‘F’, the number returned is -1 as Mason does not appear with an F in that file.
* Write the method named **getName** that has three parameters: an integer named **year**, an integer named **rank**, and a string named **gender** (F for female and M for male). This method returns the name of the person in the file at this rank, for the given gender, where rank 1 is the name with the largest number of births. If the rank does not exist in the file, then “NO NAME”  is returned.
* What would your name be if you were born in a different year? Write the void method named __whatIsNameInYear__ that has four parameters: a string __name__, an integer named **year** representing the year that name was born,  an integer named **newYear** and a string named **gender** (F for female and M for male). This method determines what name would have been named if they were born in a different year, based on the same popularity. 
* Write the method __yearOfHighestRank__ that has two parameters: a string __name__, and a string named __gender__ (F for female and M for male). This method selects a range of files to process and returns an integer, the year with the highest rank for the name and gender. If the name and gender are not in any of the selected files, it should return -1. 
* Write the method __getAverageRank__ that has two parameters: a string **name**, and a string named **gender** (F for female and M for male). This method selects a range of files to process and returns a double representing the average rank of the name and gender over the selected files. It should return -1.0 if the name is not ranked in any of the selected files.
* Write the method **getTotalBirthsRankedHigher** that has three parameters: an integer named **year**, a string named __name__, and a string named **gender** (F for female and M for male). This method returns an integer, the total number of births of those names with the same gender and same year who are ranked higher than name.
